Add config flow to Open Exchange Rates (#23693)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/openexchangerates.markdown

ha_category:
  - Finance
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_release: 0.23
ha_domain: openexchangerates
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `openexchangerates` integration will show you the current exchange rate from [Open Exchange Rates](https://openexchangerates.org) that provides realtime exchange rates for [170 currencies](https://openexchangerates.org/currencies). The free account is limited to only USD as a base currency, allows 1000 requests per month, and updates every hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Open Exchange Rates integration will show you the current exchange rate from [Open Exchange Rates](https://openexchangerates.org) that provides real-time exchange rates for [170 currencies](https://openexchangerates.org/currencies). The free account is limited to only USD as a base currency, allows 1000 requests per month, and updates every hour.
```
